[Applause]
from Los Angeles California home of the
second best team in Major League
Baseball that's pretty good right Dodger
fans are especially blue today according
to the fake news media the Red Sox beat
the Dodgers last night to win the World
Series but we know the real story is the
Dodgers swept the World Series in four
games and the lamestream media won't
report that we have a lot of Boston fans
here at the show Dickey is one of them
most of whom were at the game last night
some of whom snuck into the game last
night and there were there were a lot of
Red Sox fans at Dodger Stadium last
night including a couple whose names you
may know there's Leslie Mann husband
Judd Apatow
Tony Robbins from
[Music]
there's nothing worse than paying a lot
of money for tickets and having to sit
next to an obnoxious jerk the whole game
and that is the last time I ever use
Groupon again he's so you know he eats
other people's unfinished food off the
floor like a rodent half of the game
he's down on his hands his needs eating
garbage like it and that was unfortunate
but the big loser last night even though
his team won really was Ben Affleck who
made the mistake of sitting between us
the Red Sox won the series last night
but the Dodgers won one for the record
books on Friday night now last year
Guillermo and Cleo and I went to
remember the shortest World Series game
since 1992 we almost missed the game and
on Friday we went to the longest game in
postseason history 7 hours and 20
minutes it was 18 innings long I had
obviously I had to carry this little
fellow to the car was you know Dodger
Stadium stop serving beer and food after
the seventh inning even if the game goes
18 so for 11 innings there was nothing
to eat or drink luckily my brother
brought his glove to catch foul balls
and were able to eat that as a family
but one thing I noticed during this long
game is that no one does the wave
anymore I guess the wave is out of style
it it's funny because I always hated
doing the wave as I all right here it
comes again but no that's gone I miss it
and but you know what they should get
rid of Jeff play the that no no not that
one the oh no no yeah the first one
that right right yeah okay now hold on a
second
what could be less motivating then I
mean like they put a flamenco dancer in
charge of the crowd that's the opposite
of getting fired up right
I had a Dodger dog at the game and and
when I say I had a Dodger dog I had
three Dodger dogs but anyway we went to
the little condiment counter and I like
the goldens brown mustard I don't need
ketchup on the hotdog dough yellow
mustard brown mustard I don't I won't
even talk to people who vary from that
but and I don't know if this is a
mistake or some kind of a prank but the
brown mustard that was usually there was
not there and instead they had this big
pump bottle of honey mustard which
nothing against honey mustard it's fine
for chicken fingers but you don't put a
honey mustard on a hot dog
even bees if you offered them honey
mustard be like no no that's but the
Dodgers had honey mustard out for their
hot dogs and that's why they lost the
World Series it's the fundamental it's
as simple as that
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on